Add something about Tencent Cloud (#15298)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/turnkey/tencent.md

## Running Kubernetes on Tencent Kubernetes Engine

### Tencent Kubernetes Engine

 [Tencent Cloud Tencent Kubernetes Engine (TKE)](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/tke) provides native Kubernetes container management services. You can deploy and manage a Kubernetes cluster with TKE in just a few steps. For detailed directions, see [Deploy Tencent Kubernetes Engine](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/457/11741).

>  In addition to full compatibility with the native Kubernetes API,TKE features Kubernetes plugins of Tencent Cloud such as [Cloud Block Storage](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/cbs) and [Cloud Load Balancer](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/clb), helping you build a complete system of container services and functions. For learn more about TKE in its official [TKE documentation](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/457).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In addition to full compatibility with the native Kubernetes API,TKE features Kubernetes plugins of Tencent Cloud such as [Cloud Block Storage](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/cbs) and [Cloud Load Balancer](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/clb), helping you build a complete system of container services and functions. To learn more, see the official [TKE documentation](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/457).
```

@yunxji: What do you think about moving “To learn more…” into a What's Next? section.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50287034/61204828-dd978e80-a720-11e9-9b47-2f550e0e988e.png)
@sftim Excuse me, is this what you mean?

Reviewer: A What's Next section is like this example:
https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blame/abcee2dccd17c94376595b34cc05e56345a7f06c/content/zh/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/podpreset.md#L66

Author: I thought for a moment and thought that turning into A What's Next section might be a big project. Now this may be more concise, and readers can see more systematic and detailed instructions in official documents.Can there be no A What's Next section?

Author: @sftim Sorry, I have some misunderstandings about your suggestion before. Now I have made the following changes based on your suggestions. Please review
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50287034/61212708-a1baf400-a735-11e9-8d06-23e0e2a66abb.png)

Author: @sftim 

> A What's Next section is like this example:
> https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blame/abcee2dccd17c94376595b34cc05e56345a7f06c/content/zh/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/podpreset.md#L66

Is this the case? If this is possible, please help merge this PR.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50287034/61291573-6dad0500-a801-11e9-8a1b-492100a60e22.png)

## Running Kubernetes on Tencent Kubernetes Engine

### Tencent Kubernetes Engine

 [Tencent Cloud Tencent Kubernetes Engine (TKE)](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/tke) provides native Kubernetes container management services. You can deploy and manage a Kubernetes cluster with TKE in just a few steps. For detailed directions, see [Deploy Tencent Kubernetes Engine](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/457/11741).

>  TKE is a [Certified Kubernetes product](https://www.cncf.io/certification/software-conformance/). It is fully compatible with the native kubernetes API.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
 TKE is a [Certified Kubernetes product](https://www.cncf.io/certification/software-conformance/). It is fully compatible with the native Kubernetes API.
```

## Running Kubernetes on Tencent Kubernetes Engine

### Tencent Kubernetes Engine

 [Tencent Cloud Tencent Kubernetes Engine (TKE)](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/tke) provides native Kubernetes container management services. You can deploy and manage a Kubernetes cluster with TKE in just a few steps. For detailed directions, see [Deploy Tencent Kubernetes Engine](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/457/11741).

>  In addition to full compatibility with the native Kubernetes API,TKE features Kubernetes plugins of Tencent Cloud such as [Cloud Block Storage](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/cbs) and [Cloud Load Balancer](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/clb), helping you build a complete system of container services and functions.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
 In addition to full compatibility with the native Kubernetes API, TKE features Kubernetes plugins for Tencent Cloud such as [Cloud Block Storage](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/cbs) and [Cloud Load Balancer](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/clb), helping you build a complete system of container services and functions.
```

If TKE is a certified solution, mention that and simplify the text around API compatibility. At the moment this reads too much like marketing text.

Author: @sftim Modified according to your suggestions. Please review.

Author: @sftim  What is your opinion on these changes? Is it suitable?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50287034/61378535-2b0a2c00-a8d8-11e9-82c0-6ea82992ef6c.png)

### Custom Deployment

 The core of Tencent Kubernetes Engine is open source and available [on GitHub](https://github.com/TencentCloud/tencentcloud-cloud-controller-manager/).

>  When using TKE to create a Kubernetes cluster, you can choose managed mode or independent deployment mode. In addition, you can customize the deployment as needed; for example, you can choose an existing CVM instance for cluster creation or enable Kube-proxy IPVS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 When using TKE to create a Kubernetes cluster, you can choose managed mode or independent deployment mode. In addition, you can customize the deployment as needed; for example, you can choose an existing CVM instance for cluster creation or enable Kube-proxy in IPVS mode.
```

---

reviewers:

> - sftim

Reviewer: Hi @yunxji 
I don't know who you should list here. I recommend _removing_ `reviewers:`

Author: OK, I did it.
